welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insights to help you skyrocket your own
[Music]
business
and welcome back to the show i'm excited
to be joined today
by kieran o'connor kieran is the
co-founder at growth stream
who have generated over 10 million in
addition revenue
over 18 months for their clients he's
gone from sales executive to commercial
director
and in six short years he's headed up an
international
expansion at the age of just 22. he won
rising star of the year award back in
2019 and it's generated over 1.8 million
in cells by
just the age of 19. he's lived in all
all over the world really
orlando austin texas and uruguay and
he's been part of building over 20 plus
industry leading sales team karen a warm
welcome to the show my friend how you
doing
great great to be here sam thanks very
much for the introduction it makes me
stand uh
probably a lot better than i am but uh
yeah absolutely thank you very much
glad to be here uh on this amazing sunny
day so yeah looking forward to it
yeah man beautiful day outside but even
better inside tuning into the podcast or
watching it from your home indeed
excited to chat my friends so as always
there's a few things we want to learn
from your good self kieran we want to
learn
your story and how you got into the
business world and how you got to where
you are today
we want to learn your top business
growth strategies and we want to know
some of the digital marketing channels
that you've had success with
and that you recommend for everyone
tuning in today
so before we get to those interesting
and juicy parts let's find out a bit
more about yourself
where you grew up how you got into the
business world and some of the key
places you've worked at and lessons
learned up to now my friend
yeah it's a very interesting story and a
story that i haven't told very often
so i'm looking forward to sharing it
with you today so
um for those of you who are listening
you know i grew up in a place called
norfolk
um not many people uh know where that is
you know for reference that's kind of
norwich
east anglia uh in a small place called
bungie
and you know i went to school there and
grew up there for sort of ten years
for most of my sort of uh junior years
and
kind of went to school as typical you
know went through high school and
uh i guess the biggest part of that
early days was i wasn't academic
um i wasn't very smart when it came to a
classroom
um as mentioned previously you know i
suffered massively
with dyslexia um i was always kind of
seen as this naughty kid
um the kid that wasn't really going to
achieve much and was told that on a
daily basis
uh by both sort of teachers and students
alike so
you know it's certainly a tough
upbringing initially and kind of a shock
to the system when
you are put down on a daily basis uh for
you know having this lecture and not
actually
um taught in the way that you know
aligns with dyslexia so it is a
certainly tough journey um growing up in
a place like that very quiet but also
the support network wasn't there so um
it was certainly an interesting start
you know i became sort of very shy
around um
you know wanting to write you know when
it came to writing assignments or going
up to the whiteboard and
you know putting your thoughts and
answers i'd be very much the guy at the
back of the room
um not wanting to do that because i was
too afraid of people obviously
taking the mick and people realizing
that i wasn't very good at spelling and
grammar so it was a certainly a tough
start
um at the age of 16 when we left school
it was kind of between 15 and 16 where
it really changed for me
um i can't tell you why just something
in my brain that really kind of
resonated with me
to sort of say you know what it doesn't
matter what people say you can do this
as we all know when you take gcses you
give them predicted grades
uh my predicted grades were very much uh
f esu
they were they were just it's pointless
basically so i spent a year on really
adapting my learning you know doing
practice tests after practice test after
practice test
staying behind after school i'm really
proving people wrong now again i wasn't
a genius i didn't pass with aids but i
got season b's
considering what i was predicted was a
massive achievement for me so
um you know it's certainly an
interesting start in terms of the school
world and the whole dyslexia and
uh being put down um
at that age i then had a decision really
you know all of my friends and people
that i knew were going to university and
i already knew that you know the
classroom wasn't for me um
and i got actually offered my first job
in insurance which was a company called
swinton
um where ultimately they took inbound
calls via go compare and all the
different platforms
um and your job was to upsell cross-sell
and engage with the prospect and try and
find referrals and um
that was my first job into sales and
just something resonated
you know it was amazing it was amazing
first job done really well
um the call center was open from sort of
8 a.m all the way down sort of 10 p.m
and
i quickly realized that actually the
harder i work the more i learn
i could make all this money and the
paychecks that i've taken home quite
early on in sort of 17 years old 18
years old was
amazing and facilitated me buying nice
cars and um
yeah that was really what got me the bug
of sales really um that was where you
got a taste for it right
yeah i mean that whole you know not
having to work for an hourly rate and
you could earn as much as you want
depending on how much you put in and it
was something that was like wow
this is amazing and found myself really
good on the phone and being able to
engage with people really well and
um i lost that fear of writing you know
i lost that fear of odd do i say it do i
go up to this and it really resonated
with me i can't tell you what it was
it was amazing quickly become a top
performer there and just love that you
know i wanted to work every day
er you know weekends bank holidays i
just wanted to work um
and the paychecks came rolling in so
yeah that was kind of the early days
is there anything you could share with
us before we move to the next venture
for yourself care and anything you could
share with us in terms of how you became
a top performer
appreciate this is where you kind of
found your love for sales you realized
it was it was a passion of yours
um was it was it from your colleagues or
were you reading books what were you
doing to
to make yourself stand out and get to
the top in terms of hitting targets and
making commissions
um it sounds a bit crazy but
the best thing i've ever done and
something going against this kind of
typical grain was move out
i moved out 17 years old it was the best
thing i've ever done
um it makes you responsible it makes you
responsible for your bills
you have bills to pay you need to hit
commission you need to make sure you're
at the top of that leaderboard every
month so that's kind of step number one
it's something that i advocate all the
time and i know again it goes against a
grain of kind of stay at home save your
first mortgage
for me it didn't work like that you know
the best thing i ever done was move out
and really push myself to that next
level
um the second thing was with work ethic
you know i was so driven to prove these
people that doubted me for these
sort of 16 17 years that i was good
i was capable when i could do it and
then self-development you know i looked
at the top of the leaderboard i looked
at what they were doing
i had asked for their time i would ask
for their feedback i'd ask my calls to
be listened to
um and then it came to sort of books and
um youtube videos and
um uh events expos just anywhere that i
could learn from people i was just
soaking up as much as possible and um
the biggest thing that i guess at a
young age that really differentiated
myself was
i wasn't looking forward to the weekend
the weekend for me was the chance that
um i wasn't able to work as much wasn't
able to earn as much money so
you know the typical teenager looked
forward to the weekend getting drunk
going out with their mates i was very
much learn learn learn learn grow grow
grow so
yeah the two the two biggest ones for me
was push yourself uh
self develop look at what people are
doing um and art don't be afraid to ask
for help
and um i guess a controversial one is
move out as soon as possible that
for me it was massive love that awesome
man
okay so insurance was the first game
that's where you dipped your feet in the
sales world and started loving it
started progressing quite nicely what
was next my friend
yeah so i started looking at the
opportunities in the area being from
norwich there was a
massive opportunity like there is in
london so
there's a company called epos now which
were electronic point of sale
a very early startup and i'd heard great
things you know the owner was
doing amazing things in the space or the
software as a service
um and so i went for an interview
through a recruiter
and they kind of offered me a job at
sixteen thousand base seller which was
obviously a massive shock
from going from a high performer earning
loads of commission to uh are you
willing to take 16
000. and this kind of brings me to my
next point of
where i think i've done really well and
where i'm smart was i look for
opportunity not
money and a lot of people just look for
the high-end paying jobs um
i look for opportunity uh so i took that
role um
and they kind of had two teams one
team's job was to call all of the old
leads to call
the new leads that came in to call all
the ones that haven't got back to us
and book online demonstrations for the
sales team so i started at the bottom
done that for three months you know 100
200 calls booking appointments
very little commission and actually
my bills were higher than my wage in
essence so i was going to work for free
and away
but i looked for the opportunity uh
within three months i was you know i was
taught and they basically promoted me to
sales
um and then how it worked to that
business is you could hit a ratchet
every quarter
to get a pay rise on your base salary
and then your relevant commission
i was the first one ever in that
business hit four back-to-back quarters
my first quarter in sales in that um
arena
to get a pay rise every quarter and
ended up doing over a million
in sales for that organization became
number one on a regular basis
and then at the age of 20 was given the
opportunity to to go to orlando and be
part of the uh
the us expansion so awesome man what
experience
um so how did you you said when you were
on the appointment setting stage
so when you're booking damaged booking
appointments for the sales reps
you were actually earning less than what
you needed
so how did you keep yourself motivated
to keep pushing through to think i've
got to stick this out
because eventually something good will
come if i can prove myself
yeah well i have to hand a lot of credit
to the business owners at epos now and
the staff there you know i could see
what they were achieving you know jason
heavens people who don't know him is a
very very accomplished businessman at a
young age
um and if i'm honest with you no i was
looking at that and going you know if i
can keep learning from these guys keep
learning just
don't worry about the money you're still
young you haven't got eating children
you can still still make this happen and
for me it was just that
that hunger of seeing my progression at
a young age and actually you know
being honest seeing uh proven the doubt
was wrong you know
um people told me i was crazy you know
why would i work for sixteen thousand
and kind of put it into perspective
um i lived in a place back then i went
back home for a brief couple of months
um while i was in between apartments and
i had to go from
ditching where i live which was an
hour's bus journey into norwich city
centre and then
walk a further sort of half an hour to
45 minutes just to get to work
so i was waking up at sort of 4 5 a.m
and not getting home to kind of 11 p.m
um sometimes 12 p.m um
basically working for free so it shows
that you have to sacrifice and
i think the biggest problem in today's
society is there a lot of entitlement
and a lot of people just look at
who's paying the highest money i'll take
that job and
you know i think i was very smart there
to say you know what i'm going to look
for the opportunity i'm going to learn
from the best i'm going to take as much
as i can in and
it paid off you know luckily no that's a
really good statement you've made there
look for opportunity not money
and the fact that not everything's walk
in the park and if you do want to get
somewhere i'm
exactly the same but you i agree that
you have to sacrifice and i wish i had
your ambition
for sales when i was i was the age you
were it wasn't until i got into
kind of mid to late 20s i started
actually thinking about it and
ramping things up on my own so that's
awesome dude okay so then you've got the
opportunity to go overseas to orlando
how was that
look again an amazing opportunity and
again i always like to give thanks to
the people that put me here you know
these guys put a massive face in me at
the age of 20
and so to give you a bit of a background
i took two weeks off
um before going to america and i said
you know what i'm gonna become an expert
um i'm gonna learn every competitor in
the market i'm gonna learn how they sell
i'm gonna listen to calls that are
already happening over there
um i'm gonna stay in the office and do
the uk hours and then swap and do the us
hours
um and on day one i can hit the ground
running and i don't have to worry about
a ramp up time so that's what i did you
know i done demonstrations of all the
competition
i learned the market i learned how they
sell over there because it's very
different to the the uk
um where the leads came from i asked the
vp of sales to send me
recordings and just immersed myself in
that world
before i even touched down or even got
on that flight so month one i became the
top sales guy with over fifty thousand
dollars in sales in month one
we've never been or ever stepped foot in
the us before
amazing man okay no see it sounds like
you just did as much research as
possible
and like you said really immerse
yourself in it and um
yeah i had great results cool okay so
you did that for a little while
and um what was the next venture for
yourself how long did that go on for and
what was what was going on
so sort of i think that you know i left
there around sort of 21
um and you know i didn't want to go back
to sleep in norwich no disrespect to
norwich but i thought
and i was always told look the best
sales guys were in london and i was like
well if the best are in london i want to
be
amongst the best and um if i'm honest
with you i was like can i
can i um compete amongst the best um
so i actually got head hunted for a job
in london for a similar product again an
electronic point of sale but more on the
ipads
so when people come and serve you in a
restaurant it's the software behind that
very new company sort of four or five
staff um
offered me sales management role and i
was like you know what i'm gonna do it
and i actually just packed up and uh
rented an airbnb i didn't even get a
leash or anything just put my stuff in a
suitcase and went
um so went there at the age of you know
i sort of 2122
and um yeah you know from there is kind
of like right
um build it from the ground up you know
i had to bring leads i had to bring the
sales team
the training the sales methodology the
script
the objection handling and basically
build the the business from the ground
up
um and within six months you know we've
got a team of eight people
we're one of the fastest growing tech
companies in that space we've got one of
the highest performing teams in that
space
um and i'd hired all my staff from with
no sales experience so it was a massive
journey for me massive learning curve
um pushing myself again out of my
comfort zone i knew no one in london
i'd never been a sales manager
previously um although i've got
experience
very little um and again coming back to
what i've done
throughout my career is just learn learn
as much as possible found the people
that had the answers
um ask for feedback consistency uh on a
regular basis
um and yeah quickly turned that into one
of the fastest growing sales teams there
was in that industry um
and then along came another opportunity
where they came and said you know
fancy an opportunity to go global again
so was
promoted to commercial director and was
tasked with going to
expand the us operation um so i went
over there with one of the directors for
for a week um scouted the american
market where the best cities were where
the fastest growing
industries were the wages the living
costs
everything you can think of and then
decided on austin texas
which if you haven't been is an
incredible city um
so yeah headed over there at sort of 22
and um
expanded the business into america which
was an amazing experience
at such a young age um having that role
of commercial director at you know 22
was
um such a weight to have on your
shoulders but um
again i just looked at how could i be
the best what could i learn
and immerse myself and turned him to one
of the fastest growing companies in
austin
um done amazingly well um
so yeah it was amazing you know yeah it
sounds like quite a rollercoaster you
had in terms of progress but the thing
that seems to keep running true is that
like you say you immerse yourself you
learned from everyone around you
and tried to soak up as much as you
could to really do your research and
understand how to attack things
before going into it um okay really
interesting man so
austin texas how long did that go on for
and then was it
starting up um great stream after this
so
yeah absolutely so it didn't go on for
you know we were there for us for six
seven months because we had some visa
issues if i'm honest
um so the government made relevant
changes and there was some issues around
the visa side of things so um we've done
amazingly well
um from going from no sales to over 70
sales a month plus
uh within sort of month two month three
and it just kept on climbing you know we
were doing amazingly well
uh we're getting some great accolades
out there people were watching us
and um it was amazing but at the time
where we had this visa issue
um i started to look at whether i could
manage
these teams remotely from a different
time zone and at that point you know
given my um i guess the
the wanting to win all the time and the
ability to give my ultimate all i felt
and i said to the business look
you know you need someone on the ground
in america you need someone who's going
to be there
all the time and i don't want to impact
the business by trying to manage the
operation remotely so at that time
you know i started to take a look at
what was next you know i had a bit of a
roller coaster career up until now you
know still only 22.
um it's been an amazing journey altered
all of these countries
austin texas uruguay orlando
london norwich kind of done it all so i
started to take a step back on
why could i consistently build so many
successful sales teams at such a short
span of time and we all go there you
know maybe it's because i work hard and
everyone else maybe because i've got
this
innate uh skill and actually it came
down to the fact that i got the
foundations right you know i was i was a
stickler for foundations um
making sure i build on the right
foundations is if you want to lose this
corny term you wouldn't build a house
without foundations and that was my
philosophy
um if i got the right foundations i knew
how to build on top of that and bring
the right people in and train them in
the right way
to create an industry-leading sales team
at a rapid rate so um to answer your
question you know i went to uruguay for
a short period of sort of three months
to look at their development team learn
more of the development side help them
out on that side of the business
and and just really bring the business
together um
and like i said you know me and my
business partner across the courier who
you'll see
online as well you know we we sat down
with like you know we
we've done amazing things and and we
started to formalize this process
uh which we now call the the four pillar
process and we were like
if we could execute this in hundreds of
businesses across the world
this could be amazing and really that
started my obsession with
bringing what i knew to hundreds of
businesses across the uk and it's a
funny story because
we made that decision why we're in
uruguay and
we left uruguay and it was you know it
was a 24-hour
journey if you take into consideration
all the time zones and everything
and we actually signed a lease on a
rented property in london without even
seeing it
uh we were like yep that'll do we'll be
back in a you know in a week's time
um packed our suitcase and uruguay and
landed to an empty apartment haven't
been up
in nearly 24 hours and um no beds no
sofas no nothing just our just our
laptops and our suitcases and
and got to work on the business you know
we're like how can we bring this
this formalized process to as many
businesses as possible it started our
obsession you know
um so you basically started a company in
24 hours it sounds like
yeah basically you know you know we've
we've basically no money uh we had about
three thousand pounds between us
um we've got an empty apartment uh we've
got no real savings
um and we were like you know what if we
can bring this
this formalized process to hundreds of
businesses we know
um businesses will see the results that
we have seen over the
span of our career so um yeah we did
that in september 2018 and to date we've
done
10 million in additional revenue um sort
of backtracking a little bit we started
to come to the under
connor global consultancy so you know
what i'll just use my name that'll do
let's get a free logo design and um
let's start making cold calls and tell
people about what we offer and
signed our first client uh on a cold
call i think
about a month in for three four weeks in
uh which is our first big break i guess
and um
from there it's just built and built and
built and you know we then founded
grocery because we wanted the name that
resonated
with our vision and created the new
website and started taking on more and
more clients and
yeah it's been a certainly uh amazing
journey over the last 18 months
um incredible story man really
interesting to learn
um all the positions you've been in and
your quick growth
and you're only 24 years old now so
that's amazing um
okay so it started coming in 24 hours
cold calling
get signing up your first client from uh
from an apartment that's awesome and um
how did it go from there how have you
been able so that was back in 2018
talk us through some of the strategies
kieran that you've you've used
to get the growth that you are enough so
i know you've said you've done over 10
million in revenue to your customers
so tell us a bit about some of the
strategies that you and your business
partner have utilized
to get get from cold calling to where
you are today and yeah how you've made
it happen
yeah absolutely was certainly
challenging you know um
i had never really talked about my story
and talked about my successes and i
i kept it very much in my network which
was the first mistake i made because as
you
all know you know personal brand
marketing getting your story out there
was was number one so
to kind of backtrack to talk more about
the the process
um the four pillar process i guess is
the most important thing here
um to formalize that to people listening
and potentially watching is
that consists of structure so first of
all looking at the structure of your day
how you formalize your day to optimize
your sales teams
and your team but we all know today
biggest problem is
linkedin instagram tick tock you know
you've got all of these distractions so
we really look at the structure of sales
teams
and making sure we're optimizing our
time um efficiently
then we go into the touchpoint process
now a lot of companies that we talk to
don't actually have or know
what a touchpoint process is ultimately
means how many times you touch
a lead to get hold of it so then we look
to implement a touch point process
over a five seven and ten working day
period to make sure we're giving
ourselves the best opportunity
to get hold of them leads then we go
into formalizing our follow-up
you know industry average last year was
uh it takes on average five follow-ups
to close a deal
and it was shocking the amount of
companies we were going to that just
didn't have a follow-up process you know
um it'd be a case of you know call me
next week yeah no problem kieran and as
we all know it'd be that hamster wheel
chasing chasing chasing chase and
chasing um and then that kind of led us
to the the fourth part which was full of
back which we all know is kind of that
dreaded oh no they've put on hold they
haven't got the budget
i'm probably not going to make a
decision for 6 12 18 months
and then we start to formalize the
process and the follow back process so
they're the four areas that we cover
with businesses okay so they sound
really basic and people like but
why do companies not already do this and
we're like you're telling me
um and these four areas we would go into
businesses initially and we'd do what we
call a sales audit
so we would look at these four areas in
a business and start to look at
what are they doing um where are the
gaps and where can we make money
both short term but also set their
foundations up in the right way
for long-term success um okay
so that's what we do with our clients
you know we go in we do an initial sales
audit we work with them
we actually get in amongst their team we
become an extension of their team
you know we're just as much uh into
their success as they are
because we earn you know most of our
money off the off the back of their
success so
it was really important for us to be in
amongst there and really driving that
success
um in a proactive way so we'd be in
their offices helping them
listening to calls looking at their crms
um
that's what we do with our clients um in
terms of what we did as a business well
first of all obviously we went to
the industries that we we've been in and
we've got a name for and target them
businesses so you know my biggest one
was epos
and my first client was an epos client
it just made sense you know you've got
the background you've got the name in
that space target that space first
and then we sort of adapted it from
there utilizing referrals
but actually for the first of 18 months
it was literally referrals and my
network
um and then clients were keeping us busy
five days a week so we didn't actually
and this is just me
being honest and some something we made
a mistake of is not talking about our
story not doing any social
um not doing any press releases not
doing any podcasts not doing any
anything uh it was literally just that
it's great that's a great point so that
you've raised some really good points i
really i really like that four pillar
process that you've just gone through
that karen you can follow up for your
your customers so in terms of structure
um i think that's that's something
certainly i could improve because i know
it's so easy to get distracted
especially when you wake up in the
morning you want to check your emails
you want to check linkedin
you might check instagram facebook
whatever um so i'm messing about on my
notifications for linkedin for about 20
minutes on my first week
flapping around with that before i even
kind of think about what else i've got
to do
um so in terms of follow-up i think
we've all been guilty of
having a lead either that we've
generated outbound or gen that's come
inbound
and we tried to call it a couple times
perhaps over a couple days
and we forget to put it in this crm or
put it in the crm it goes to the back of
the burner
and then it's it's basically forgotten
about so the opportunity is pretty much
wasted or we remember a week later you
have to give the person a call and
they've already gone with another vendor
well so have you got any recommendations
on creative or ways that work
you can follow up yeah so kind of going
back structure number one so what we
look at in structure
um is we look at okay well when are
people
picking up the phone in your industry so
it'll be different for different
industries depending on who you're
targeting
um then it'll be when is the most talk
time happening when you're getting hold
of them but only getting hold of them
when you're having them productive phone
calls
and then when are the most leads coming
in so we really break down three core
sections during the day for prospecting
calling them new leads making sure
you're on top of them
making sure you're getting the touch
points throughout the day so you know at
the end of the day that you've completed
all your
your calls and your touch points you've
completed your time for admin
and you've really nailed it in terms of
the day and then anything extra
is just anything on top which is amazing
so that's how we manage our structure we
start to break into segments so
for example one company we work with
between nine and eleven is their core
prospecting hours nine and eleven for
two hours you do nothing but you
prospect you call your leads
you follow up um you know you just call
and
um you're exactly right what you say a
lot of people get distracted with their
phones
there's obviously tactics that you know
you need to imply you know put your
mobile away put on silent
face down um you know we've even seen
people put signs at their desk kind of
leave me alone
and if you formalize it though across
your team what you quickly find
is everybody's prospecting so there's no
one gossiping or
trying to talk to you because everyone's
so in the zone which creates that
lack of distraction but also creates
that competitiveness because everybody's
at it at the same time
so that's how that really battles that
conundrum that you have there and um
you know we're all guilty you just have
to turn off notifications and be
disciplined and i think once you start
to see the results of that structure
um you just you just can't get enough of
it don't get it wrong of course
you will always have them days be like
why didn't i do that um
but from a structure process that's what
i'd say um from a follow-up process it's
you know you're on the phone you've had
a meeting
whatever that is presentation online
phone call or in person
you need to first isolate the objection
around what needs to happen next you
need to agree on that
if you can't close that deal either on
the phone or in person
you need to agree and isolate the
objection whether it be i need to talk
to my partner you know i need to look at
finances
okay great agree on next steps then you
need to be sending that calendar invite
there and then
get it sent across get it sent across
and get it accepted
while you're either on the phone call on
that demonstration or in person
it goes into their calendar and they've
confirmed it and then follow up with a
recap email
so then you're never going to lose track
of it and then the customer is also
committed to it the biggest problem we
find is
call me next week what does that mean
when what time
what about what's going to change
between now and next week so um
like you said really formalizing your
processes making sure it's in the crm
send that calendar invite get it
accepted and um
and build from there cool love it love
it and i really love the
the finalizing next steps so like you
say that's a really common thing isn't
it when you're speaking to a prospect or
a lead
i'm busy right now can we can we catch
up next week or can we catch up next
month
then and like you say just finalize the
date whilst you're on the phone get that
calendar invite unaccepted whilst you're
on it
and then at least you've got something
booked in love it okay
um just before we move away from that
have you got any creative ways to
that you found pretty good in terms of
follow-up kieran um because i know
sometimes let's say you've got an
inquiry and you can't reach them on the
phone
so i know some of our our guests and i
know myself have had success perhaps
with linkedin
or video and things like that have you
got any unusual ways of follow up that
you'd like to utilize or is it quite
traditional stuff you guys do
um traditional stuff but video is
massive and personalized you know the
amount of times i see
a generic spammy email sent as a
follow-up
hi thanks for inquiring um give me a
call when you've got five minutes
um it needs to be personalized it needs
to be specific um
and for me uh video always worked you
know the great thing is you've got so
many different video platforms that can
integrate with your crm and your email
tools now from vidyard to
all these different ones you know shoot
a quick five minute video four minute
video two minute video whatever
that looks like you know hi sam great
thank you very much for
uh sending your inquiry for make it
specific
why you've called them and why it's a
benefit to them to want to call you back
um for me that's worked massively um
because they see that you put the time
i also track and use different tools to
track when they open
emails and you know how long they've
watched of the videos and things like
that
um so i know um and then of course you
know you've got to look at all platforms
you know
making sure you've got the right number
checking their website
um linkedin there's different obviously
different ways that you can do that but
a big one that i found successfully is
then personalized emails with video
and again linkedin personalized message
you know not just hi
i want to speak to you give me a call
when's good for you um
the amount of times i see that is crazy
got it awesome man
okay so we've talked about the fact that
you've utilized
existing contacts that you had in from
from nepal states to
to generate business referrals were
there any other channels that you've had
success with in terms of growth be it
online or be
offline yes at the start of the the
business no you know i made that mistake
of just kind of assuming that my network
would be enough
um and kind of it's only really over the
last kind of
since last november uh where we start to
say well look you know people
resonate with the story they resonate
with the the process they understand the
importance of the the foundations and
once we start to get the story out there
and show people um how this process can
change their direction of their sales
team and really utilize
the process uh it's been massive so we
started things like
seminars you know going to expo expos
and discussing the four pillar process
with people and
how they can utilize it in their
business we started doing
the new website um google ads linkedin
sort of um you know we teamed up with
some
newspapers where they wanted to run our
story around sort of you know the
challenges that we faced from a young
age and how we
we came here so yeah just really started
to speak about our story rather than
just kind of keep it to ourself
and it's been a massive success and it's
helped us to continue the growth of the
business
up until now because a lot more people
knowing about it a lot of people are
knowing what we do
and what we offer so to answer your
question there's been a couple of things
you know expos
google ads facebook ads uh website new
website obviously aligning with what we
offer
um and then being a little bit more
active on linkedin you know um
i was very shy suffering with dyslexia
you didn't want to post because oh what
if i spell it wrong what if i look
stupid you know watch people judge me
um so i've kind of tried to get over
that fear with posting more content and
um
yeah it seems to be working well and um
you know we're always looking at new
ways that we can get in front of the
right audience and offer value and
i guess that's why we started to look at
podcasts and things like this yeah i
love that man
and i love that you're utilizing a whole
range of channels
to generate new business rather than
just homing on one utilize all the
channels which is something i preach
about all the time all the channels that
your audience are on
why not be on them too and so if your
customers on linkedin if your customer
is searching online
if the customer is clicking on ads then
get there and enjoy more leads
is there one channel you've had
particular success with or are they all
fairly even
yeah i mean linkedin has always been the
biggest for me you know um
[Music]
and referrals of course um but again i
think
we haven't explored every option to the
best of our ability you know i'm not a
marketer i'm a sales guy
i know how to formalize a sales team
when it comes to marketing we're not
you know we're not the experts so that's
when we rely on other people to kind of
point us in the right direction
you know there's so many things right
now that you know i'm learning from a
marketing standpoint from
you know negative words keywords you
know content
don't put links here put videos here so
it's a it's to answer your question
linkedin but it's a learning curve on a
daily basis i would say
love that man okay and have there been
any particular
lows or highs that you could share with
us perhaps start with the lows if we may
and how you've worked your way out of
this yeah i think there's
there's always going to be lows around
stigma you know we always face stigma
around being 24 and running a
sales consultancy company you know the
whole stigma around what do you know at
24 how can you possibly teach me
um how to build an industry leading the
sales team and you know it got me down a
lot you know don't get me wrong you know
um you kind of have that imposter
syndrome feeling you know am i good
enough
was it luck has it been luck for the
last 10 years and um
it does get you low you know and the
second part to that is it's a it's a
lonely journey people don't realize when
you start your own business it's
yourself and your business partner you
know if you have one
um and yeah you can of course you get
help but a lot of your time spent alone
with your thoughts with um you know just
yourself to talk to in a way and uh
it's a lonely journey so the two loads
for me were were initially that
stigma that we faced um and then the the
low part of being a sort of
entrepreneur which i think everyone goes
through so how do you
how do you keep positive in those kind
of time scaring when it is
kind of there's lots going on perhaps
you just lost a big deal and you have to
be feeling like quite low and depressed
perhaps and
you are like you say by yourself
especially the pandemic that we're in
now so how do you stay
stay focused and on track yeah i think
it's about revisiting where you've come
from for me
you know you know we talked about my
story earlier you know i've gone from
this child who's kind of nobody wanted
to be around in terms of he was dumb he
was on
wasn't clever he wasn't going to go
anywhere and i you know i've achieved so
much at a young age and
you know i've got the the proven track
record and it's just about going back
and realizing and
i guess a bit of gratitude around you
know look you know things aren't all bad
um you know you're always going to have
them negative moments and negative
things that happen both the pandemic
and you know losing deals and things
like that but it's about how you
turn up and how you deal with them
rather than what they are because i
think if you procrastinate
it's just going to keep happening um so
you really need to
check yourself um there's different ways
you can do that and we all we all have
different techniques
for me um it's going away and
potentially
um reading a book you know just just get
my mind off that particular subject
um going to the gym or going for a run
going for a walk especially with weather
light today
um or just calling a friend you know and
saying look um
i had this situation um what's your
opinion yeah they're kind of
like open mechanisms i've i've found
useful but i'm sure there's different
ones for different people depending on
who you are
no i like that man and what about talk
us through a couple of the highs
yeah i mean look the highs have been of
getting where we are today you know it's
amazing for us to be 18 months in and
achieve the 10
10 million in additional revenue this is
additional revenue this isn't factoring
their normal revenue
uh we've gone into spaces that i've
never played in before uh i'm really
just proving the point that if you get
your foundations right and you follow
this four pillar process
you will see amazing results in a short
period of time
you know we've seen clients have you
know massive success in month one
um so for me the highs are seeing the
impact that it has on businesses you
know i
one client that have is a 13 year old
business and they sort of um
procrastinated for years they just
couldn't get to that next level
um and within six months of being in
there you know we've absolutely
transformed that business uh and for me
it's
seeing the faces of the owners and the
directors and really seeing their
passion come back to their business
um through what we've done and i love
that you know it's not about the money
for us
um the money of course is great it's a
byproduct but
for me we get we get a buzz off of
seeing the impact that it has on
businesses and that's why we're so
so motivated i guess you'd call obsessed
with working with more and more
businesses and that's why we want to get
our message out you know
we want to work with more businesses we
want to be part of their team
and um and bring that success so the
high for me is is one you know we we've
done amazingly from a personal
perspective to get the business off the
ground with
as you said 24 hours and not a lot of
money um
sort of 10 million in additional revenue
for our clients 500 000 in revenue for
ourself
as a business within 18 months um
so yeah they're the highest sometimes
you don't think about them you kind of
go
i can do better i'm not good enough come
on keep getting better but sometimes you
have to take check and say look
you're 18 mm give yourself a break good
yeah great it's always good to time
take take stock sometimes and reflect on
on the achievements you had and
especially when you're
in lower times to remember those and
yeah as we say not not procrastinate
good so we've covered your your
four-step pillar process
but is there any any other golden
nuggets perhaps you could share with us
karen if anyone tuning in that's
thinking of starting their own company
or anyone that's just taken the leap and
started their own business any other
tips that you could share with them
that might help them be a success
yeah from a business standpoint for me
it's it's go and just keep learning
never stop learning you know whether
that be books youtube
courses webinars whatever that is really
go and find the people that know
what you don't know um and don't be
afraid to admit that you don't know it
you know
um we can't all be experts everything so
from a business standpoint that you know
that's my number one advice keep
learning don't let yourself
procrastinate um and set yourself clear
goals um
and just do it you know just do it you
know i was fearful for it you know
should i do this should i take another
job should i just go back to that comfy
kind of paycheck
um just keep doing it keep turning up
you will have bad days
um it isn't all sunshine and roses if
you like and um
you've just got to take check and keep
the end goal in sight and
for me it's going to have a purpose you
you can't just be about the money
um and work ethic you know something
that i guess
is a big subject right now is kind of
that um
work-life balance um for me you know i
i had two holidays in 10 years um i
worked 18 hour days for years
um yes i get you need to have breaks you
need to work uh you need to spend time
with your family but
there's no substitute for hard work i
don't care what anyone says um
i don't treat work and life of different
things when i need a break i have a
break when i need a weekend off i have a
weekend off but
for me it's going to take hard work you
need to be obsessed with the journey but
also where you're going to
and keep learning they're my free
nuggets from a business standpoint
from a sales standpoint look you know
it's it's a tough industry
you need to make sure you're staying
ahead of the curb because it's always
changing there's new tools there's new
competition
so keep learning keep learning and as i
said earlier in this call
go for the opportunity and not just a
paycheck because pay takes a great short
term but they won't pay off long term
because
you know we're all early in our career
and you know we've got years to go in
terms of
our career so um my biggest advice from
that side of things look for opportunity
look for startups
um look for people that are willing to
give you the opportunity that
necessarily the bigger companies won't
um and and be be in a position where
you're willing to sacrifice things you
know i know the biggest problem in
today's society
and i'm guilty of it you know i've been
guilty of it of you know rolex's nice
holidays you know oh i wish i went there
i wish i could afford that and
actually sometimes you just got to
realign your goals say am i willing to
sacrifice
um this to get to here and so that's my
biggest advice from a sales perspective
fantastic man good stuff and what is one
thing
that business businesses should be doing
right now kieran with digital marketing
that's going to benefit them from today
big biggest thing is talk about what you
do talk about you know your solution and
the pain that you fix
you know um biggest biggest downfall
that i've had is that i didn't talk
you know i i kept the way i was shy i
know a lot of people are shy on linkedin
they don't want to put videos up they
don't want to put themselves
out there just do it just do it what's
the worst can happen
you know you will get people judge you
regardless of whether you do it or not
so
um there's nothing to lose so for me
it's about putting your story out there
but also
um educating people on the problem and
the solution that you then solve
um for me get on that straight away
whether it be linkedin instagram
wherever your audience are
um start to really get your message out
there amazing we've only been tuning in
to sam's business growth show where we
sit down on business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs around the
globe we find out their story how
digital marketing has helped wrong way
and exclusive tips and insights to help
you
skyrocket your business kieran if you
could thank just one person either dead
or like
have a positive influence on yourself
your career who would that be
and why yeah again it's an interesting
question for me because
as i said in the young days i didn't
really have someone that that was
motivating for me there's two key people
um and and they sound pretty weird when
it comes to my journey but
biggest impact for me and it's not
someone i know personally you know uh
it's
x-men united football manager so alex
ferguson he actually had
a massive impact uh on me throughout my
career you know i studied him well
how he manages his teams where he came
from
his journey and and he derailed a
disintere
he achieved things that people said was
never possible and um
he's a living legend and he's you know
it's something that i admire on a daily
basis
um so although it's a weird answer you
know he had a massive impact on me you
know
um i still today watch his videos his
documentaries his books
i think the guy is incredible and then
for me you know my business partner you
know costa coisi who works alongside me
on a daily basis you know i think
um he brings some amazing skill sets to
the business and um
i couldn't have done it without him and
i think what it allows me to do is go
and do what i do best
on a daily basis and i think that's
underestimated sometimes you know
on press releases and things like that
you see my name you see my
my face but actually what people don't
realize is what goes on in the
background you know
he's been a massive massive help for me
and uh
yeah i couldn't thank people enough you
know it's been amazing i think too many
people
are quick to say it was themself and
don't realize that they need a team to
support them in the background
great choices man just a shame that
you're a man united fan so we'll wipe
over that
it wasn't about man united it was about
uh who he was as a person and what he
achieved you know
um
i'm a cherry boy and i still remember
beating liverpool for free on that
amazing day
let's not bring up beating liverpool for
another day
but uh yeah absolutely kieran thanks so
much man it's been a really enjoyable
conversation
are you tired of constantly hunting for
new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach that
brings idle clients
straight to you connect with sam dunning
on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation by
webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts